Add disclaimer about matrix batch effects and normalization of CGMs (#18) (#19)
HumanCellAtlas/dcp2: docs/dcp2_system_design.rst

A matrix from a contributor or any other source external to the DCP is refered
to as a *contributor-generated* matrix. This definition includes supporting
files such as those containing cell type annotations, for example, that

> contributors may provide along with the actual matrices. These matrices should

Reviewer: DCP takes no responsibility for what, if any, batch correction or normalisation techniques have been used as they have been done directly by the data contributor.

> be interpreted with caution: the data is not corrected for batch effects nor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be interpreted with caution: DCP takes no responsibility for what, if any, batch correction or normalisation techniques have been used as they have been done directly by the data contributor.
```
